Define how providers handle identical creation calls (#4146)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/metrics/sdk.md

throwing an exception, its `name` SHOULD keep the original invalid value, and a
message reporting that the specified value is invalid SHOULD be logged.

> The first _identical_ `Meter` MUST be associated with all
> (both identifying and non-identifying) passed parameters.

Author: ```suggestion
For each unique set of identifying parameters, the non-identifying
parameters MUST be associated with the `Meter` at least once. 
```
